Everyone's underwear has to show until the next Commandment;
Drink off. First person to finish their drink can nominate a player to finish a drink or remove a piece of clothing;
Flexibility contest, demonstrate and replicate. Winner picks someone to finish half their drink;
All players must speak in an oriental accent until the next Commandment card is drawn;
Room plays a round of spin the bottle. 3 Drinks for refusal;
Every time someone leaves the game circle they have to remove a piece of clothing;	
Touch the chest of the person to your right until the next Commandment;
Go to the bathroom in pairs until the next Commandment card. Forfeit is 5 drinks;
Cardholder orally passes a piece of food/ ice cube to the person to the right and this continues until someone drops or refuses, loser has to finish their drink;
The floor is now lava. 3 drink punishment until the next Commandment card;
You have sit or stand on the ground until the next task. 2 Drinks for every failure;
Person to take off the most pieces of clothing, picks someone to down their drink;
Spinner divides into two teams.  The two teams dance off to a song of the cardholders choosing. Group chooses the winner, who gets to give out 12 drinks;
All players must wear their shoes on their hands until the next Commandment;
Give out 3 drinks for every tattoo/piercing you show;
Players can’t show their teeth until the next Commandment. 2 drinks if you sin;
Sentences can’t be longer than 3 words until the next Commandment. 2 drinks if you sin;
Phones on the table until the next Commandment, first to touch their phone must take off 3 articles of clothing;
Everyone must prove themselves in a test of strength. The winner gives out 10 drinks;
All players must confess a secret and drink 2 times. If the group thinks it’s truly embarrassing give out 3 drinks;
Until the next Commandment, if you say anyone’s name you have to take off an article of your clothing;
If you swear, someone has to write that swear word on you;
If you take a shot you choose someone to take of an article of clothing. A shot in case of refusal;
No eye contact until the next Commandment card. 2 Drinks penalty if you sin;
If someone is on their phone, the player in control of the dice is allowed to send a text off the phone. Lasts until the next Commandment card;
Spinner divides into teams.  A teammate has to trace something out on one of their teammates backs, first team to guess what it is, gives the other team 5 drinks;
Whoever licks the grossest thing picks someone to finish their drink;
Spinner divides into two teams.  The two teams lip sync to a hymn of the cardholders choosing. Group chooses the winner, who gets to give out 12 drinks;
Spinner divides into two teams.  The two teams sing to an instrumental of the teams choosing. Group chooses the winner, who gets to give out 12 drinks;
All players must confess another players secret and drink 2 times. If the group thinks it’s truly embarrassing give out 8 drinks;
The person to your right must now feed you drink until the next Commandment card;



