If you've ever had a one-night stand, drink 3 times;
If you’ve ever had to ask your significant other’s permission to go on a night out, drink 3 times;
If you've ever had sex on the first date, drink 3 times;
If you've ever sent a flap snap or a dick pic, give out 3 drinks;
If you've ever gagged while going down on someone, drink 4 times (try not to gag);	
If you have ever done anal. Drink 2 times you sodomite;
If you have ever had a finger in your bum. Drink 2 times; 
If you have ever had sex while someone else was in the same room (excluding Jesus). Drink 2 times;
If you’ve ever had sex in a public place. Drink 3 times;
If you have ever had more than one one-night stand in a week. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever dated someone because they had money. Drink 2 times;
If you have ever had an STD. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever thought that you were going to die from drugs. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever done a sexual act in work. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever thought, you were going to die from drink. Give out 2 drinks;
The person with the most cash on them gives out 3 drinks and 5 euro to the poorest player;
If you have ever asked your partner for a third person. Give out 2 drinks;
If you haven't played strip poker. Drink 2 times and take off a piece of clothing;
If you haven't played boggle. Drink 2 times and put on a piece of clothing;
If you have ever spiked a drink. Give out 2 drinks, try not to spike them;
If you have ever haggled with a drug dealer. Drink 2 times;
If you have ever been arrested. Drink 5 times, you scumbag;
If you have ever hooked up with someone 3 years younger. Drink 8 times and turn yourself in;
If you have ever hooked up with someone 6 years older. Drink 8 times and climb out of the grave;
If you have ever had a posh wank. Drink 3 times and bow;
If you have ever said I love you first. Give out 5 drinks to the person who you love most;
If you have ever been in a fist fight and lost. Drink 2 times;	
If you have ever been in a fight and won. Drink 4 times;
If you have ever had incredibly quick sex. Give out 4 drinks;
If you have ever sharted in public.  Pick someone to finish their drink;
If you have ever bought the morning after pill. Give out 3 drinks;
If you have ever had sex with someone in a relationship.  Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever participated in an orgy. Pick someone to finish their drink;
If you have ever accepted a date to get a free meal. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever gone on a date somewhere and left before it ended because it was terrible, drink 3 times;
If you have ever cockblocked a friend. Drink 3 times;
If you have ever lied about your age to a lover. Give out 3 drinks;
If you have ever tried to re-use a condom. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever peed in public. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever been flashed in public. Give out 3 drinks;
If you have ever been kicked out of a club. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever wanted to have sex with someone here. Drink 1 time… and then tell them;
If you have ever flirted with a friend’s partner. Give out 3 drinks;
If you have ever compared dick/boob size with someone. Give out 2 drinks and drink 2 times;
If you have ever compared ball size/flap wingspan with another person. Give out 2 drinks and drink 2 times;
If you have ever bought alcohol for someone underage. Give 2 drinks out and drink 3 times;
If you have ever watched same gender porn and liked it. Give out 5 drinks;
If you have ever befouled a taxi. Drink 3 times;
If you have ever used an alternative condom (Abstinence doesn’t count). Give out 4 drinks;
If you are single. Give out 3 drinks;
If you are in a relationship. Drink 3 times;
If you like anime (hentai). Finish your drink;
Take off a piece of clothing for each long-term relationship you've had;
If you've had an erotic dream in the last week. Give out 3 drinks;
If you've ever shoplifted. Drink 4 times;
If you've ever walked in on anyone having sex. Give out 2 drinks you perv, if you stayed and watch, pick someone to finish their drink;
If you get stage fright. Give out 3 drinks;
If you're drinking spirits, swap tops with a player of your choice. 5 drinks for refusal;
If you're drinking beer, put your trousers on backwards;
If you're drinking craft beer, take your trousers off and go home;
If you're drinking wine, put on someone else's top on top of yours, chosen by spinner. 6 drinks for refusal;
If you've ever had friends with benefits, drink 4 times;
Drink once for each sexual partner you've had;
Drink from everyone you've kissed in the room's drinks;
If you've ever eaten food off someone. Give out 4 drinks;
If you prefer having sex with the lights on, drink 3 times. If you prefer having sex with the lights off, drink 3 times. If you are impartial drink 3 times;
If you haven't been to the dentist in the past year. Give out 4 drinks;
If your last relationship ended in you being dumped. Give out 3 drinks;
If this is your first time playing this game. Drink 3 times;
If you have ever flirted while in a relationship. Give out 3 drinks;
If you've ever been caught flirting by your partner. Give out 2 drinks;
If you have ever eaten ass. Drink 3 times;
If you would have sex with someone here. Drink 4 times;
If you have ever kissed two people in the same night. Drink 2 times;
If you have ever kissed 3 people in the same night. Drink 3 times;
Whoever kissed the most amount of people in one night can give out that many sips;
If you have ever kissed someone of the same gender. Drink 2 times;
If you have ever had a 3-way kiss. Drink 4 times;
If you trim bush. Drink 1 time;
If you think you're above average flapspan or ball size. Drink 2 times;
If you're ever had erectile dysfunction. Give out 3 drinks;
If you've ever paid for anything sexual. Drink 2 times;
If you've ever had more than one person on the go. Give out 4 drinks;
If you are wearing yesterday’s underwear. Give out 3 drinks;
If you've ever been caught jackin’ it.  Give out 3 drinks;




