Cardholder must smell the hair of each player in the room and decide who's smells the best. Winner gets to give out 3 sips;
Pick someone to lick your bare chest;
Cardholder asks the person to the left a question in their ear quietly(Paranoia);
Cardholder ask the person to the left a question in their ear quietly(Paranoia);
Cardholder ask the person to the left a question in their ear quietly(Paranoia);
The cardholder must do a foreign accent until their next turn;
Cardholder must kiss every player in the group. If they refuse they drink 2 times for each;
Challenge someone to rock paper scissors. The loser must down half their drink;
Cardholder must drink;
Transfer a piece of food/ice cube from your mouth to someone else's, chosen by the spinner;
Do a sexy strip dance vs player chosen by spinner. Least sexy drinks 4 times, most sexy gives out 5;
Cardholder must give a lap dance to the player chosen by the group;
Group chooses three players to kiss. 5 sips for refusal;
Group chooses two players to kiss. 10 sips for refusal;
Tell an original joke or drink 7 times;
Cardholder must do a body shot off someone of their choice;
Face away from the group until your next turn;
Cardholder must eat an item of food off another player, chosen by spinner;
Swap tops with a player chosen by spinner. If they wouldn't fit, both drink 2 times;
Swap bottoms with player chosen by spinner. If they wouldn't fit, both drink 2 times;
Cardholder compares drink with a player chosen by the spinner. Person with the most drink, drinks until they are even;
Cardholder must be slapped on the ass by all the players in the room;
Get snapchat fraped by someone chosen by the spinner. If you can’t be snaped, drink 5 times;
Change places with a player chosen by the spinner;
Change places with a player chosen by the spinner;
Change places with a player chosen by the spinner;
Cardholder plays spin the bottle;
Nibble on the ear of the person chosen by the spinner;
Cardholder chooses someone to give a lap dance to another player;
Cuddle with a person of the spinners choosing until your next turn;
Hold hands with a person of the spinners choosing until your next turn;
Sit on the lap of a player of the spinners choosing until your next turn;
Cardholder gives out 3 drinks to the person they like the most;
Cardholder gives out 3 drinks to the person they like the least;
Cardholder choses someone to send 10 friend requests off the cardholder’s phone;
Wear your underwear over your trousers for your next two turns. Or down half your drink;
Spinner chooses someone to kiss the cardholder on the neck;
Pick a partner and mime your favourite sexual position;
Draw a tramp stamp on a person of the spinners choosing;
Cardholders guesses the penis size and bra size of everyone in the room including their own. Every time they are correct the guesser gives out 2 drinks;
Cardholder is blindfolded. They feel two faces chosen by the group and guess who it is. Give out 3 drinks for every correct answer and drink 3 times for every incorrect answer;	
Cardholder puts lipstick on themselves with their bad hand;
Cardholder motorboats a player. Chosen by the spinner, 5 drinks for refusal;
Cardholder is blindfolded. They feel two faces and guess who it is. Give out 3 drinks for every correct answer and drink 3 times for every incorrect answer;
Cardholder licks a player’s back. Chosen by the spinner;
Cardholder chooses an opponent to challenge to a push-up contest;
Show your tinder profile to the group or drink 5 times;
Show your last tinder message to the group, if you don’t then drink 4 times;
Take a bite out of this card;
Spit some of your drink into another players mouth. Chosen by spinner. 7 drinks for refusal;
Finish your drink no handed;
