Group decides on the most and least drunk players. The soberest must drink half of the drunkest player’s drink;
Group decides best butt. Winner gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides on which player gets laid least. This player can then give out 3 drinks;
Group decides on which player gets laid the most. They drink 3 times;
Group decides on the player with the most game. They drink 3 times;
Group decides on the player with the least game. They can give out 3 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think has the biggest dick. This player drinks 4 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the weakest. This player gives out 3 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the strongest. This player drinks 4 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the smartest. This nerd drinks 3 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the funniest. This total Sandler drinks 3 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the most likely to go to prison. This player gives out 2 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the most drama to go on a night out with. This player gives out 4 drinks;
Compare each player's underwear in the room. The sexiest gives out 5 sips;
Spinner chooses two players to tell a personal story. Group votes on the best story. Winner gives out 5 drinks	;
Group decides on the player with the best chest. Winner gives out 3 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the toughest. This player drinks 4 times and gets slapped on the ass by all other players;
Apart from your partner who would you sleep with here. Winner finishes their drink;
Who would win in a fight? Spinner picks two people. Group votes;
Who has the best body? Group votes and winner drinks 5 times;
Who would you have a threesome with. For every finger pointing at you, drink;
Group decides on the player with the best facial hair. They place two hairs in their own drink and drink 3 times;
Group decides on the player with the worst facial hair. They can give out 3 drinks and take two hairs from someone else to put in their drink;
Play arrogance against a player chosen by the spinner. Group asks 6 questions;
Group decides the person who is most creative. This borderline artistic person drinks 2 times;
Group decides the person with the best taste in music. This person drink 3 times	;
Group decides the person with the worst taste in music. They can give out 3 drinks;
Group decides the person who is most likely to get married. They give out 4 drinks and say the name of the person they would marry;
Group decides the person with the best style. This Mugatu drinks 4 times;
Who in the group would you want to switch lives with. Drink from the drink of the person pointing to you;
Group decides the person who would be the easiest to offend, and then everyone in the group has one chance to try to offend them;
Group decides the person who is the smartest. This person drinks 3 times;
Group decides the person who is most likely to die young. This person probably shouldn’t drink;
Group decides the person most likely to OD. This person gives out 3 drinks;
Group decides the person who is most likely to become a millionaire. This person drinks 3 times;
Group decides the person who is the sportiest. This person drinks 3 times and does ten jumping jacks;
Group decides the person who is the worst with money. This person gives out 3 drinks;	
Group decides the person who is most likely to become famous. This person drinks 3 times;	
Group decides the person who is most likely to cheat. This person gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides the person who has the most sexual experience. This person drinks 5 times;
Group decides the person who is the gayest. This person drinks from their cosmo 3 times;
Group decides the person who would be the best to have on a desert island. This person drinks 2 times;
Group decides on two people to play arrogance. 6 questions;	
Group decides on two people to play arrogance. 6 questions;
Group decides on two people to play arrogance. 6 questions;
Group decides the person who they want to fight. Drink once for every finger pointing at you;
Group decides the person who they would beat in a fight. The person with the most fingers pointing at them give out 6 drinks;
Group decides the person who has the biggest hands. This person drinks 2 times using their hand as a spoon;
Group decides the person who is the biggest lightweight. This player drinks once	;
Group decides the person who can drink the most. This player drinks 8 times;
Group decides the person who is the most full of bullshit. This player drinks 2 times and then tell everyone they drank 6 times;
Who would win in a fight? Spinner picks two people. Group votes. Winner drink 5 times;
Who would win in a fight? Spinner picks two people. Group votes. Winner drink 5 times;
Who would win in a fight? Spinner picks two people. Group votes. Winner drink 5 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the most likely to become a parent. This player gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the most uptight. This player drinks 4 times;
Group decides on the player they think is the easiest. This player gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the best at making love. This player gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the laziest. This player gives out 4 drinks;
Group decides on the player they think is the most likely to become homeless. Everyone that voted for the loser donates some of their drink to them;
Spinner chooses two players to tell a fictional original story. Group votes on the best story. Winner gives out 5 drinks;
			
			



